All right, so this is it.
This is the moment of truth.
We're going to restart scaffold at our terminal as soon as we do so.
Scaffold should attempt to build this image that we listed inside of our scaffold config file using
Google Cloud built.
It will then take our off deployment and the ingress service config and apply them to our remote cluster.
So let's get to it first.
I'm going to go back over to my terminal.
I'm going to make sure that I shut down any previous version of Scaffold that might still be running.
I'll then go to my Kubernetes or Docker window and just make sure I've got the correct context still
selected.
And then after that, I'll do a scaffold dev inside of my root project directory.
So as soon as I do so, scaffold is going to attempt to build our image remotely.
It's going to try to build it using Google Cloud build.
So again, as a reminder, all that building stuff is occurring using Google Cloud built.
We should actually be able to see the image build in process if we hop over to the Google Cloud Build
dashboard really quickly.
So if I go back over to a Google Cloud, find the menu on the top left hand side.
I can then scroll way down this menu to the tools section.
So here's tools right here and you'll see cloud build.
I'll then select history.
And I'll see my build listed right on here.
If I click on the build itself, you'll see a lot of output from the build process.
Just about all the output you see right here probably looks identical to the details from when we were
building these images locally.
So we'll see stuff inside of here, like setting up that working directory, copying over the package
JSON file, doing the NPM install and so on.
Eventually the image gets built and then it's pushed off to our repository of images on Google Cloud.
So all these images are now being pushed to a Google Cloud repository of images.
No longer are we making use of Docker hub.
After this image is built, scaffold is then going to attempt to create our deployment, the service
and apply our ingress rules to this cluster on Google Cloud.
So you'll see that the deployment inside of our logs over here was created, there's the service created
and the ingress was created as well.
And then eventually we get our console.log.
So this logging information right here is coming out of our pod, running on a remote virtual machine
on Google Cloud.
None of the stuff is running locally anymore.
And I don't know about you, but that is pretty awesome.
Pretty cool.
So now in theory, as we start to add in more pods, more deployments, more everything into our cluster.
We're not going to start slowing down our local machine anymore because all that stuff is going to be
created on some local or excuse me, some remote machine.
Now last thing we need to do is actually test this stuff out in the browser and see if we could still
connect.
So I'm going to once again try to visit our URL or our domain that we had set up inside of our host
file and going to try to get at our users current user route again.
So API users, current user.
That's the route that should retrieve.
Hi there.
So I'm going to just take that URL paste inside of a new tab.
I'm going to see that same kind of.
Your connection is not private again.
So again, we're just going to ignore this for right now.
This is related to some nasty setup inside of ingress engine x.
If you go to advanced once again, we cannot seem to get around this.
So we're going to use that kind of little workaround command that we spoke about a little bit ago.
You just type into that window.
This is unsafe because again, we know what we're doing.
Rome really isn't happy what we're doing, what we're doing here.
We'll eventually fix this.
But right now, let's just get around it.
So I will type in.
This is unsafe.
And there we go.
I've got high.
They're appearing on the screen.
All right, so this looks awesome.
Well, we've got everything built.
The last thing I want to mention here is that moving forward in the course, I am probably not going
to be running all this stuff on the remote cluster.
Again, this is for people out there who are watching this course who might have a little bit of an
older machine.
The reason this is relevant is that in a little bit or in the coming videos, you're going to see that
my scaffold HTML file will revert back to its previous look.
So in coming videos you are going to see that I do not have a Google Cloud build in there.
You're going to see that I've got local push set to false.
You're going to see that I have an image of Steven Grider auth and so on.
So in the coming videos, it's really important for you.
This is up to you to make sure that any time we come into the scaffold HTML file, you put the appropriate
image name in here.
So the image name that you should be using is us, GCR IO, then your project ID and then the name of
the directory or the image that we are building.
So in this case, simply off.
So at some point in time in the future, we are going to build an image called orders or an order service.
When we do.
So you are going to add inside of here this block, but it will be orders right there and orders right
there instead.
So again, that is up to you.
I may or may not recall or remember to tell you in the relevant videos to do that.
The other thing I want you to remember is that when we start to put together some other deployment files,
so if we put together, say, in orders deployment file, you will need to enter in the appropriate
image name right there as well.
So you need to enter in us GCR, blah, blah, blah, because what I'm going to be writing in is something
like that because I'm going to be running the stuff on my local machine.
So again, I can't say it.
Enough is up to you to remember to make these changes because I know that some people out there are
going to unfortunately, maybe not quite remember.
So again, please just keep that in mind.
All right.
Well, it looks like all this stuff is working.
Now, last thing I want to remind you is that at this point in time, you are now paying in theory,
you might be chewing through some free credits, but you are in theory, paying for this running cluster.
So if at some point in time you decide to stop taking this course for any reason, or if you say, hey,
I'm going to come back to this in like a month or two, then you need to open up the cluster on Google
Cloud and click on Delete right there and just delete this thing entirely.
Because as long as this thing is running again, you are paying money for it.
So don't forget to hop on here and delete the cluster.
Well, that is pretty much it.
So now that all this stuff is set up, let's take a quick pause right here.
And we're going to continue building our actual application in the next video.